speak personal but a good tone in the kitchen
beginning today we will teach you the
make a mouse i / o ratatui is a dish of
French origin and is a kind of
mix of roasted vegetables you can
as both accompanied and pure and
It's very delicious, it 's very different, I
I think you'll like it a lot then.
come on we will start cutting
thick onion the onion will
be the basis of all ratatui then you
can cut and more or less in that
thick and we will now start
assemble our shape is just put on the bottom
shape the cut onions
Now we're going to slice our eggplant.
does not care about the appearance of my
Eggplant is that we just show
Chinese eggplant here in our
supermarket but the taste is exactly the
same
it's just the format that 's a little bit
different from the eggplant you go
find in your house and you will put
on top of the onion in its shape and then you
already can temper this layer puts a
a bit little salt also
ground pepper
and also a pastry of olive oil
and now we're going to continue doing the
same things with other vegetables.
People are going to cut zucchini in this figure.
What are you watching, we're going to put
on top of our eggplant now the people
cut tomatoes in this format is that the
people are quoting do not need to take
seed because if you took away the mind
you will also remove the pulp from your
tomatoes and we want you to
little water
in ratatoum we are going to cut
our plate full if you have not
laugh you can use the purple onion is
important that an onion be a
little sweeter than the other that
people had previously used
We'll put it on top of the tomato.
now we're going to cut our
thinly sliced ​​bell peppers
Here I am using the sunshine pepper
red and orange
I do not want to use green because I see
it's a little strong I do not think it's going to work
very sure with ratatui then we
use these two colors and just put them in
up your note plate
now you will cut the garlic into pieces
large can be even big piece
because it will caramelize a bit it
will leave a very special taste in the
your actor
so after adding the garlic is just
finish to temper your shape put
a little salt put a little
ground black pepper
and here we are going to put a
very special seasoning that is the servants of
province
herbs of formal provence which are
one has that fancy name they 're easy to
find you can find in the
supermarket
if you do not want to just wear panties
even though it's also very good now
just put a good amount of
olive oil on top of your ratatui and people
will put this in the preheated oven
220 degrees for approximately 30 minutes
after this 30 minutes just take the
the oven stirred a little with this mixture at
people will fiddle so that the part of
down is a little bit on top
and the top part is a little bit in the
bottom
so we are sure that we are
baking equally all the vegetables that
they are there in our way now it will only come back
the oven for another 15 minutes than ours
tattoo radar is ready
this dish is amazing it stays
very tasty it tastes very good
special and unlike anything you
already ate
if you liked short favorite video and
until the next episode